Hahahahaha
Why are you here?
Naturally for the girl with red sleeves
Why didn't you come for the red-sleeved girl too?
Of course hahahaha
Qin Feng, Qin Feng
Saying you're a toad is a compliment
You are also worthy to be the eye of Hongxiu girl
You don't pee and reflect on your own virtues
This is not a Kuniko
This is the brothel.
It's about talent.
Compared to financial resources
It's about status.
As for you, in addition to solving a few cases
What do you have?
They're just a bunch of worthless pariahs
Oh, no.
Your name should be Dr. Qin now
Hahahaha
Public abuse of court officials
Are you not afraid that I will pull you to see the official?
See Guan Qin Feng
You take yourself too seriously.
You are a little official without real power
Do you really think of yourself as a character?
Zheng Shao, what are you talking about with him?
If you want me to say that the intuition is out
Sitting here is just slandering our reputation
Even a bunch of trash dares to send it to Hongxiu girl
Hmph, what an overkill
walk-through
What are you guys talking about?
So lively
OK
Brother, what's the matter with you?
I'm fine I'm fine